[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
action thriller film they live
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
many people lose their jobs under the
economic depression
in the 1980s in america a homeless nada
wanders on the streets with all he has
in his large back bag
he comes to a crowded local job center
hoping to find something
to do but gets rejected by the
administrator
walking on the streets aimlessly he
encounters a preacher on the street
who shouts out loud that humans should
awake they will control us
probably due to the report by someone
two police show up soon
and stop the preacher from spreading his
baseless theory
nada thinks it is somewhat incident and
walks away
he comes to a construction site where he
finally gets a job
and makes friends with a muscular guy
called frank
later frank takes nada to a shanty
community to live
people in the community are very
friendly though the lifestyle is poor
and basic
after lunch frank tells nada that he is
married and get
two kids but he hasn't visited home for
a long time
because he has no money to afford a trip
back home
in the evening the tv signal is jammed
by a strange video of an old man
claiming poor people are growing more
and more laws and human rights are
ignored
they want to control the human race and
take over or through a special tv signal
nada feels very confused about whom they
refers to
in fact no one has a single clue about
that strange video clip they just
watched nada notices some sneaky people
go into a nearby church
when he walks past it he decides to take
a look inside
in the church he discovers many
sunglasses some are
nicely layout on a table some are packed
in boxes
also he finds there is a secret cabinet
filled with boxes too
he closes the cabinet and plans to leave
before getting caught by a blind priest
who tries to convince him to join a
so-called resistance force
nada feels frightened and runs out of
the church
the next evening however police raid to
destroy the whole community with a
bulldozer
and arrest all the people in the church
after sunrise nada goes to check the
church
which is in a chaos he finds a box from
the secret cabinet
that the police didn't search last night
he takes the box to an empty pathway
and opens it who is surprised the box is
full of glasses
other than valuable stuff he keeps one
pair to himself
and hides the box with the rest of the
sunglasses in a trash can
nada puts on the sunglasses while
walking on the street
then suddenly everything the billboards
products in the shops
books newspapers and even people's
clothes
all turn into black and white another
odd thing he discovers is
instead of their original information
all the ads and books are written with
commanding subliminal messages
such as obey no independent thought buy
conform consume sleep etc
what's more nada finds one sophisticated
gentleman in a suit
becomes a walking skull-faced guy when
he sees him through the sunglasses
the more he looks the more people with
the scary skull face he finds everywhere
soon he knows why other people can't see
what he sees
it's because the aliens can only be
revealed with a special sunglasses
most aliens are rich and upper class
people nada is too astonished to keep
silent
but mocks an alien who is in disguise of
an old woman
his impolite behavior draws the police's
attention
he knocks down the two police officers
who turn out to be aliens in the
backstreet
he then takes a gun from them before
fleeing away
with the gun he gained nada starts to
shoot aliens he sees in a bank
he slowly figures out that rich and
powerful people are manipulated by
aliens
through special radar signal so that the
aliens can take over earth with its
enormous resources
and enjoy their luxurious life here
later he shoots down a surveillance
drone
after he realizes the drone is filming
it now
after all the shooting and killing of
aliens nada becomes the most wanted
criminal
he has to hide away from not only the
aliens but also the police
in a car park nada takes a blonde girl
for hostage
and forces her to hide him in her house
in the girl's place
he tells her about the aliens and tries
to get her to try the glasses on
with worrying looks on her face the girl
doesn't believe what nada said
and won't try the glasses on later she
tells nada that she works in a
television station
which delights him much because he
thinks maybe she can help him
stop the alien signal transmission in
the television station
as nada walks in front of her to explain
his plan the girl pushes him out of the
window down a hill
and then calls the police luckily nada
survives the fall
but badly injured and the sunglasses are
broken
he limps to the construction site to
find his old friend frank
but frank doesn't want to talk to him as
he is a criminal wanted by the police
nada returns to the alleyway and
retrieves the box of sunglasses from a
garbage truck
frank follows nada to the alleyway to
give his paycheck
nada and frank start an argument which
leads to a violent fight
because nada insists frank try the
glasses on even though frank doesn't
want to
in the end they are both covered in
blood and nada puts the glasses on frank
by force
after seeing the aliens and a flying
saucer with his own eyes frank believes
not a story
and decides to join him in the fight
against the aliens
the two find a new secret base of the
anti-alien group
they are given some newly upgraded
contact lenses which works like
sunglasses
but won't cause our problem or headache
they learn that the group plan to turn
off the alien signal transmitter after
its location is found
so that aliens can't manipulate humans
anymore
plus the people who are already
controlled by aliens can be awakened
soon nada notices the blonde girl is
there too
just before he started to ask her why
she pushes him out of a window
a team of armed force raids the hideout
and kills most people
but nada and frank managed to escape
with few others
nada and frank are cornered by the armed
force in an alley
but the two accidentally activate an
alien wristwatch that's given by an
anti-alien member earlier a portal is
suddenly open
and through it they escape to an
underground passageway that leads to a
big hall where many aliens are gathered
to celebrate something with the rich
people from earth
the rich people here have become aliens
collaborators
a drunk rich man thinks the two are
newly arrived aliens
so he gives them a tour around the
facility the two see a transmitter that
links the alien's mother planet to earth
and the source of the alien signal in a
room where a program called cable 54 is
broadcasting right now
the two decide to destroy that place so
as to knock off the aliens control once
for all
but they are exposed very soon by the
loud noises they make
and chased by alien armed force they
fight their way to the roof
trying to find where the signal
transmitter is located
the two bump into the blonde girl again
nada asked the girl to follow him
but the girl is a member of the aliens
collaborators and she kills frank on the
stairs
before they get to the roof she chases
nada to the roof
and points her gun at nada who stands by
the signal transmitter
nada doesn't show her mercy but guns her
down straight away
then he blows up the signal transmitter
before he gets shot by a coming alien
helicopter pilot
without the signal to affect people's
minds all aliens mingling in with the
human crowd
are revealed with their true looks and
their evil plan of taking over earth is
doomed finally
though not as dead more and more people
will join the fight against the aliens
from now on
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out